Contribute to documentation guidelines (#359)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/Contribute-to-Documentation.md

If you are interested in contributing to AlmaLinux Wiki Documentation, we recommend you follow these guidelines. 

## Prerequisites

### Starting the process

Before you start writing a wiki page/instruction or modifying an existing one, we strongly recommend:
* Look through existing open and closed [issues](https://github.com/AlmaLinux/wiki/issues) for similar content, to prevent duplication.
* Open an [issue](https://github.com/AlmaLinux/wiki/issues) on the repo to propose your content before you begin writing it to ensure that is appropriate for the AlmaLinux Wiki and to collaborate with the AlmaLinux OS Foundation, Team and Community. 

You are also welcome to discuss the content and share your feedback and thoughts in the [Documentation Chat Channel](https://chat.almalinux.org/almalinux/channels/sigdocumentation).

### Setting up the environment

1. Fork the Wiki [repository](https://github.com/AlmaLinux/wiki).
2. Create a new branch.
3. Edit or create a page.
4. Commit your changes.
5. Create a pull-request to the master branch as described in the GitHub [documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

> The Wiki is powered by [VuePress](https://vuepress.vuejs.org/), so it's pretty

Author: @benny started the conversation below on this topic

  ```
  ---
  title: ' '
  ---
  ```
* If applicable, fill out the form below and place it as a table at the top of the page right after the title.
    | Experience Level   | ⭑⭑⭒⭒⭒ (Intermediate) |
    |--------------------|---------------------- |
    | Last modified date | YYYY-MM-DD            | 
    
    * If possible, evaluate the level of skills and experience needed based on the target audience. Experience level options: Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced, Fluent and Proficient
    * Put the last modified or updated date below the experience level. The date format should go as **YYYY-MM-DD**.
* If using this form is not applicable here, it's preferable to write right after the page title the date when the page was last modified. Please, stick, to the following format:
  ```
  ###### last updated: YYYY-MM-DD
  ```

* Write the content of the page using [Markdown syntax](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/). Some HTML elements are also allowed.
    * It's recommended to use clear and simple language.
    * It's preferable to divide the content into the sections including the basic ones:

>         * Introduction, stating what the page is about.
>         * Body, describing all the instructions.
>         * Remember that AlmaLinux currently has 2 major versions. If the information varies and differs for each release, consider dividing your instructions into separate sections.
>         * If there are any known/popular issues, write them as a separate section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Introduction: stating what the page is about.
        * Body: describing all the instructions.
        * Version specific directions: Remember that AlmaLinux currently more than one supported major version. If the directions differ for each release, consider dividing your instructions for each supported version into separate sections.
        * Known caveats: If there are any known or popular issues, write them as a separate section.
```

> * If the page includes images, put them in the `/wiki/docs/.vuepress/public/images` directory where all images are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage images in guides, but please follow the below guidelines
     * If the page includes images, put them in the `/wiki/docs/.vuepress/public/images` directory where all images are stored.
```

### Setting up the environment

The Wiki is powered by [VuePress](https://vuepress.vuejs.org/).

The general process to contribute to the wiki includes these steps:
* Fork the Wiki [repository](https://github.com/AlmaLinux/wiki).
* Clone your forked repository and navigate to its directory.
* Create a new branch.
* Edit or create a page.
* Check your changes on the local wiki - see the steps below.
* Commit your changes.
* Create a pull-request to the master branch as described in the GitHub [documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

There are two ways to run the wiki locally to check your changes:

**Please, note, most steps are suitable for all three Linux, Windows and macOS systems, but some commands may need some adjustments.**

#### Install yarn 

:::tip
For Windows and macOS, you may need to install [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en) first.
:::

* Install necessary dependencies:
   ```sh
   $ yarn install
   ```
* Run a development web-server:
   ```sh
   $ yarn docs:dev
   ```
* Your local Wiki instance should be up and running on
   [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/).

> #### Use a container 

Author: Since the original steps don't properly work on Linux systems, @LKHN and I added the container approach. It requires Containerfile script to be added to the wiki so users can create container images and containers without creating this file themselves:
```
FROM docker.io/library/node:lts-alpine AS builder
LABEL stage=auto-clean-stage1
RUN mkdir -p /wiki/tmp
COPY . /wiki/tmp
WORKDIR /wiki/tmp
RUN yarn
FROM docker.io/library/node:lts-alpine
RUN mkdir /wiki
WORKDIR /wiki
COPY --from=builder /wiki/tmp/package.json /wiki/package.json
COPY --from=builder /wiki/tmp/node_modules /wiki/node_modules
COPY --from=builder /wiki/tmp/yarn.lock /wiki/yarn.lock
CMD yarn run docs:dev
```

@LKHN also suggested another option: to create an AlmaLinux wiki official image to shorten these steps and make it easier for users. 

@andrewlukoshko @bennyvasquez @jaboutboul @jonathanspw @codyro @xsub what do you think?

Reviewer: I like the idea of adding a dev container as an option. If it's relatively easy to create and maintain, an official image that helps with wiki contributions is fine. I've got the commands working on my laptop, so I can confirm they work on MacOS. We can add Linux commands once we have a container, too, since it'll be essentially the same thing.
